Date of Self Evaluation: 4/2/25
Name: Brian Smith

1. What contributions or achievements have you made during
this review period?
I've ensured that our classes run smoothly for 95% of cases. 
This is in-spite of high turn over and losing our curriculum director.
This means finding replacements, sometimes the day of, or filling in myself. 
I don't back down from getting my hands dirty and getting in the classroom whenever needed.

Alerted the team of the impending wave of obsolete computers, and pivoted us to what seems to be a successful solution (Hopefully)
I've discovered tools we can use to mediate our devices (in the Admin workspace), like firewalls

I personally set up 60 chromebooks in a small time frame.

Created a budget for our device needs going into summer. 

2. Are there parts of your job that you wish you could do less
or more of?
I think I have a nice balance of being in the field teaching and staying in the office for "paperwork".
If we had infinite time, I wouldn't mind creating more fun projects for our students.
Which goes into the next question...

3. Do you have skills that aren’t fully utilized in your current
role? 
As someone who's spending most of my time managing and teaching, I don't get to create for Code for Fun as much as I'd like.
I think that I have a natural tendency to make things fun, whether that's in our meetings, while teaching or even the content I create for our students.
In a perfect world, I would have some allowence of time to work on fun things.

I think the only way I could contribute these ideas is if I am assigned to make a curriculum
during a part of the teaching season where our teaching needs have already been met / assigned

4. Are there responsibilities on your job description that you
no longer hold?
No I don't think any responsibilities have been dropped or lessened. 

5. Are there responsibilities not on your job description that
you are doing?
As expressed 1 year ago, I continue to fill the role of inventory manager.
I think that it helps keep me busy if there are any lulls in my manager duties. Sometimes it's a lot though.
It's felt a little heavy when I have to hire, train, schedule instructors, then charge, update, clean and provide all the devices.
I've been able to keep up with it so far..

6. How would you improve your area?
Again, I think this question could be reworded to make it's intent more clear. 

Here are some problems that keep popping up:
    A. Hiring falls behind our scheduled classes
    B. Instructors forget the basics, or our policies, or fail to properly respond to unique situations
    C. Creating a schedule isn't a one time thing. It is almost a guarentee that it will need more work
    D. Emergencies where instructors need to be covered means pulling core staff from their personal responsibities




Potential Solutions
    A. Put out a summer exit survey, asking if they want to work through the school year - get this number of instructors half way through summer
    A. Understanding how many people will stay tells me how many people I need to hire, start hiring right after summer classes end (for potential candidates)
    A. Continue to hire in multiple locations, and for both coding and child development people
    B. Universalize the training process. Fully utilize the check list we've made (Yes I fail to update it)
    B. Possibly review the basics on a regular basis.. Provide instructors with a cheat sheet that differs for ASC and summer
    B. On the cheat sheet, instructors need to know that if they encounter any situation they aren't sure of, tell us and we can help address the problems
    C. I don't think there's a solution to having to rework schedules as time goes on, sadly.
    C. But, as we approach each new quarter / semester, I can be more proactive in learning who has schedule shifts, and getting instructors availability earlier to patch these problems.
    C. Hire more graduates, this means they won't have any classes shifting. (Maybe assign them to our longer classes)
    D. I can't predict emergencies. What we can do is properly train instructors on what to do when they happen. (This is for when instructors get sick, or ... have a flat tire...)
    D. This one is important: Have more staff than is needed. Having a surplus of instructors means we can plug people in when needed. Now, this means some people will get less work, which means more turn over so... this is something we'd have to play with.






7. How would you improve your performance?

Things I could improve on are:
1. Being more proactive with the problems that I experience seasonally. 
   I am working on this, as evident by trying to hire for summer and work on devices at the beginning of the year, instead of as we are approaching summer.
   I want to apply this to many other aspects of my job, but sometimes it takes making a mistake a few times before fully getting on board with the solution..
   Of course this summer I want to make a push for hiring mid summer. I think it will be smoother for staffing come Fall. 

2. As usual, keeping up with all of the paperwork and checking all of the boxes of our processes. 
   This one will probably be a fight I'll have for my time at CFF. 
   These systems are in place to keep track of everything but in honesty people with ADHD like me struggle with these particular aspects of office jobs. 
   I don't want to use it as an excuse, I assure you I will get better over time.. 



8. Name 1-3 goals that you hope to achieve by the next review
period.

1. Get better at utilizing my staff to help me. As expressed in the past, I'm more of a, "I'll do it myself" type of person, but that doesn't scale.
   So I need to get better at this skill. I just don't like making people do things I wouldn't like to do. 
   I think this type of empathy is good for creating a culture of caring, but detracts from filling slots of undesireable parts of business.
   Plus, something I need to realize is some people like things I don't like, and it's okay to ask them to do it...





9. List 1-5 long-term career goals.

1. Continuous improvement of my self and the systems that Code for Fun uses.
2. Reach financial goals to survive in the bay area.
3. Positively impact as many people as I can
4. Contribute to society



10. Are there any resources that would help you improve your
performance?

I'm sure there is a pertinent class or training I can attend, however the last one we did was a waste of time sadly.


11. What skills could you develop through education, training
or mentorship?

Probably time management skills, people management skills, or social skills.

12. What else?

I've worked at Code for Fun for 5+ years. I've learned and grown a tremendous amount, and I appreciate everything I've been blessed with here.
In the past two years, I've fought through burn out a few times now. 
Instead of quitting, I was transparent with how I was doing and brought myself back in line (with some help, of course)
I hope that my loyalty to Code for Fun has been noted. 

